(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now it's time
for our next challenge exercise.
We will do some work with data from our database
in a command mode program.
So here's the guidelines of this challenge exercise.
You can use either of the databases that we've used
or use your own.
I ask you to use the room data as I've provided it
in whatever database you choose.
Now, what I want you to do is I want you to create a query
that will search for the bed info loaded from config.
So there's a bed info column, and it contains data
like 1K for one king or 1Q for one queen.
And that's the data that I want you to search for.
And then I want you to load all of the rooms that match that
and print them to the console.
So it's relatively much what we've done.
We're just going to add a little caveat
of querying a subset of the data instead of all of it.
So give that a shot, and I'll be back with my solution.